the spring boot has the auto configure web dependencies, all such important are auto configured
in your project. 

all of them are @ConditionalOnPath, if these are found inside the classpath , they will
run it. [prior some files are made as a port to which such dependency are loaded if configured
the class path with them.]

What is an api ?

to give the services , go at the physical location.
by internet you have a server that serves the site.
clients request server and the server will respond.
this is an api [interface that lets communication.]

for api there must be a webapplication framework inside
springboot. There is a mvc controller. The mvc will do
the Model : DB, View : sites , Controller : Sees request
and sends to the handler / models. Then according to the
business logic data is send to the respective client 
that is rendered over his GUI as the notification.

using spring boot mini mvc, we can use it to make the
json / html pages. 
REST api will render the html pages.

Request goes to the dispatcher servlet that chooses the
most appropriate handler of the requst that talks to model
then will View Resolver(component) will send the visual
output to the user.

Traditionally the html is not used. but React / Angular
js use json to render on the gui.

Spring Boot will also convert the requests to json.
HTTP Methods Serialization will convert


How it works.

request to tomcat , tomcat is webserver, it will come embedded with springboot
to handle https request that sends to the dispatcher serverlet that will make
two objects : http servlet request and http servlet response.

http data,parameters,are made to the object.
these objects are done mapping to the respective methods to 'handler/controller' 
that calls the method. 1st Done Validation, Authentication then we talk to the db Models

then controller makes the https msg convertor to make it json and then it becomes the
response object inside the tomcat that is redirected to the user as the response

closing the learningSpringBootApp (project) and downloading a new one
